Example 1 - Confident advice:
Normalize not having an opinion on things you don’t understand.
Example 2 - First person insight:
Your relationship with discipline changes so much when you shift doing things from shame to love. from ‘i have to clean’ to realizing i deserve to have a clean home. from ‘i need to work out’ to i deserve to have a healthy body. you deserve to have the best from yourself.
Example 3 - Pain point:
You feel terrible because your subconscious knows you could be doing better.
Example 4 - You need this:
If you aren't tired when you go to bed and excited when you wake up, you need a meaningful project that demands you at your best.
Example 5 - Pain point cause and solution:
You need to be going slower. 
You need to be reading long, fat books. 
You need to be making 48-hour chocolate chip cookies. 
You need to spend hours watching wildlife, you need to spend 15+ min making your coffee. 
You need to breathe in and breathe out.
You need to be slow.
Example 6 - Skill to learn:
The greatest skill is writing:
1) It forces you to articulate your value
2) It is the foundation of all media
3) It can be repurposed to any other medium
4) It enhances any other skill you acquire
5) It brings immense mental clarity
When you learn to write, you learn to think. When you learn to think, you become irreplaceable.
Example 7 - Conceptual advice:
Be a failure.
Approach the girl and get rejected. Post the video and get called an idiot. Start the business and watch people criticize your first moves.
Everyone else did it. You aren’t a special case.
Invest in your portfolio of failures until you can afford to succeed.
Example 8 - Harsh truth + example + little known statement:
Nobody is coming to save you.
Not your friends. Not your family. Not the government.
They can offer advice and tools.
But at the end of the day, it's up to you to change your mind and act regardless of how you feel.
Example 9 - Benefits of a habit:
If you want to:
Have better ideas
Burn more calories
Reflect on your week
Have a mobile work block
Remove distractions instantly
Create time for podcasts or books
Go on a walk.
There aren’t many things simpler than walking that bring as many benefits.
Example 10 - Simple steps with deep context:
Trust me when I say:
Writing down your goals
Refining them into small tasks
Prioritizing each task daily
Will make it 100x easier to actually achieve your goals.
Trusting your brain to remember what’s important to you is why you got distracted in the first place.

